Publishing TAP 1.3 release doc updates (#118)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-vmware-tanzu-application-platform: docs/deployment_guide/partner_editable/pre_deployment.adoc

=== {partner-registry} account

> This Quick Start requires a {partner-registry} account with a username, password, and generated a https://network.tanzu.vmware.com/docs/api[user account and authentication (UAA) refresh API token^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Quick Start requires a {partner-registry} account with a user name, password, and a https://network.tanzu.vmware.com/docs/api[user account and authentication (UAA) refresh API token^].
```

"UAA" is another acronym that's defined more than once.

. Navigate to https://network.tanzu.vmware.com/.
. Choose *Sign In*.
. Choose *Create account*.

> . On the *Create your {partner-company-short-name} account* page, complete the form and choose *Sign Up*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Create your {partner-company-short-name} account* page, complete the form, and choose *Sign Up*.
```

. Log in to {partner-company-short-name} using the new user credentials.

==== Generate a {partner-registry} API token

This Quick Start requires an API token from the {partner-registry} site to download the packages required to install {partner-product-short-name}.

. Log in to https://network.tanzu.vmware.com/[{partner-registry}^].
. Choose *Edit Profile* from the dropdown list next to your username.
. Choose *Request new refresh token*.
. Copy the refesh token. Enter it for the `API Token` (`TanzuApiToken`) parameter during deployment.

=== Accept {partner-company-short-name} EULAs

> Before deploying this Quick Start, you must accept the following {partner-company-short-name} End User License Agreements (EULAs) for the {partner-registry} account used for the deployment. For more information, refer to https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.3/tap/GUID-install-tanzu-cli.html#accept-the-end-user-license-agreements-0[Accept the End User License Agreements^].

Reviewer: See previous note about defining "EULA."

[IMPORTANT]
====
Failure to accept the EULAs before deployment will result in the failure of the {partner-product-short-name} installation.
====

> === {partner-company-short-name} Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP)

Reviewer: Ditto for "CEIP" here and elsewhere.

You must acknowledge that you have read the {partner-company-short-name} CEIP policy before you can proceed with the installation.
====

> For more information, see https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.3/tap/GUID-install.html#install-your-tanzu-application-platform-profile-1[Install your {partner-product-short-name} profile]. To opt out of telemetry participation after installation, see https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.3/tap/GUID-opting-out-telemetry.html[Opting out of telemetry collection].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.3/tap/GUID-install.html#install-your-tanzu-application-platform-profile-1[Install your Tanzu Application Platform profile^]. After installation completes, to opt out of telemetry reporting, refer to https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.3/tap/GUID-opting-out-telemetry.html[Opting out of telemetry collection^].
```
